intro	AA	I got my shades on, top back,
.	AA	Rolling with the music jacked,
.	AB	One on the wheel, one around you baby

verse	BA	Little sun left to burn in the blue sky,
.	BA	Shinning of the cross hanging from the mirror of my ride,
.	BB	Breeze blowing in, your hair blowing round
.	BB	You're scanning through the stations looking for that country sound
.	BC	The good stuff iced up in the back seat,
.	BC	Nowhere to go, nowhere to be

chorus	EA	I got my shades on, top back,
.	FA	Rolling with the music jacked,
.	FB	One on the wheel, one around you baby
.	FC	Sunset, I bet
.	FC	There's a chance we can get
.	FB	Sure enough tangled up, laid back and lazy
.	FD	Pour it on easy now, don't spill a bit
.	FD	Nothin' but time tonight, let's get to killing it
.	FD	Long as I'm rocking with you, girl
.	FD	You know I'm cool with just chillin' it

verse	CA	Nothing but two lane country on up ahead
.	CA	Girl, you so fine I wouldn't mind if this is all we did
.	CB	You got me high on kisses, you got me missing signs
.	CB	Hard looking left when my world is on my right

chorus	GA	I got my shades on, top back,
.	GA	Rolling with the music jacked,
.	GB	One on the wheel, one around you baby
.	GC	Sunset, I bet
.	GC	There's a chance we can get
.	GB	Sure enough tangled up, laid back and lazy
.	GD	Pour it on easy now, don't spill a bit
.	GD	Nothin' but time tonight, let's get to killing it
.	GD	Long as I'm rocking with you, girl
.	GD	You know I'm cool with just chillin' it

break	DA	Nothing like a little you and me low key
.	DA	Right now I'm right where i wanna be

chorus	HA	I got my shades on, top back,
.	HA	Rolling with the music jacked,
.	HB	One on the wheel, one around you baby
.	HC	Sunset, I bet
.	HC	There's a chance we can get
.	HB	Sure enough tangled up, laid back and lazy
.	HD	Pour it on easy now, don't spill a bit
.	HD	Nothin' but time tonight, let's get to killing it
.	HD	Long as I'm rocking with you, girl
.	HD	You know I'm cool with just chillin' it

outro	ID	Girl, I love rocking with you when, girl, we're just chilling it
